** Beta - This information is not for release to others. For your own use only, please. **
Super Space Acer: Extreme
This is the general storyboard document for Super Space Acer: Extreme, including all speech and a 
general overview of the storyline accompanying it. For specific scripts, there are 3 separate documents 
(Player, General and Misc)

VOICE-OVER for INTRODUCTION

"The Tarian (Tar-ee-an) race has long been respected for their quiet peacefulness. Although they possess 
rather advanced technology and have been space-faring for eons, they possess a refreshing lack of interest 
in war. They have enjoyed, in this time, a valuable trade alliance with their neighbors, the Vorakians 
(vore-ack-ee-ans), in return for a protection agreement, and some training and weapons for their own 
defense."

"It came as a great surprise to all observers when the Vorakians launched a deadly assault on the Tarians, 
crippling their offensive capibilities in a single planet-wide attack. The Tarians were left with no choice 
but to declare war. Their defenses were enacted, and their remaining fleet placed in orbit to protect the 
planet as the military raced to create the weapons they needed. Further attacks came.. some were repelled, 
some accomplished their goal. The Tarians were making progress in their building, but it seemed to many 
to be too slow. The Tarian council decided to launch strategic offensive strikes in order to slow the 
Vorakian war effort, long enough for their own military to complete the construction of the necessary 
warships and weapons."

"The Tarians chose not send their own valuable troops on these missions, but to recruit the assistance of 
professionals.. the team Space Acer."

"Kilor (kil-lor) - Once a proud warrior on his home planet, his family was disgraced in a massive war. 
Unable to remain, he became a mercenary in order to survive. He is an aggressive and direct fighter."

"Victor Ericson - the son of a rich aristocrat, he had the best life, and the best training money could buy. 
He joined the ranks of Space Acer in order to prove that he's not just some 'pretty flyboy'."

"Jupiter Orion - a skilled and accurate pilot, he prefers not to talk much about his past, though some of the 
other pilots rumor about a past life as a male model. He is relatively good natured out of the cockpit."

"Shadow - a dark-tempered pilot as dangerous out of the cockpit as he is in. Some say his parents were 
killed when he was very young, but he doesn't take well to questioning. Being in his sights.. in any 
situation.. is a bad thing."

"Beep - from an aquatic world, Beep is an unlikely fighter pilot. He is a deliberate and focused pilot, but 
often far too cheerful. His quick reflexes and accuracy make him a valuable member."

"Binky - a brilliant scientist, who discarded his dying body and transplanted his brain into a mechanical 
body. Some would say the transplant made him just a little unstable, and Binky himself can not tell you 
why he is now a mercenary... it just 'seemed like the thing to do.'"

"Wombat - a direct and often sarcastic character, he is also a direct and skilled pilot. Tends not to waver 
from his goal until accomplished. If you want an opinion, ask. If you want to destroy a target, he can do 
that, too."

"Zumi (zoo-me) - a deadly combination of beauty and skill, Zumi is a force to be reckoned with. Her 
accuracy is among the best and she is as adept at attacking defending forces as attacking the primary 
target."

"Gord - a wildcard in every sense of the word. Gord tends to fly randomly, attack and break off of targets 
at random, and even his skills seem random. His major strength, however, is that the randomness seems 
to work for him. Some say that he controls random events himself, a rumor he is happy to encourage."

"Captain C - while he fancies himself a superhero from the distant and long-passed Communist Russia, he 
is neither Soviet nor Communist, and in fact has never even been to Earth. However, it is difficult to 
convince him that these facts are important, and so he carries on. Despite this, he is an extraordinary pilot 
with deliberate handling."

(title) "SUPER SPACE ACER ... EXTREME!"

MISSION 1 - end ongoing battle
(General) - "Thank you for responding so quickly! We've been under attack by the Voraks (vore-aks), a 
foul race apparently bent on our destruction! They've been streaking in and attacking our cruisers and 
colonies. We do not have adequate facilities for space-based combat, so we need you to make surgical 
strikes aimed at disabling their space forces, so that we can move our troops in."
"Your first mission is to end an attack already in progress! The Vorak forces are currently attacking a 
peaceful colony near your position. We want you to get in there and take them down! This is a test, to see 
if you are as good as you claim to be. You should have the element of surprise. Good luck!"
(Wingleader acknowledge instructions) - Affirmative, General. We’re on our way.
[Mission opens - flying up towards ruined city, which is the arena for this battle. There are a set number 
of enemy craft, which are the only enemies.]
(Wingleader introduces start of mission) - All forces ready? There they are!
(Wingleader orders Status Check)
MISSION 2 - take out transport
(General) - "We have located one of their smaller transport ships nearby - carrying fighters. You can 
expect up to 20 fighters inside this ship. We believe they are moving into position for a new assault. 
Avenge our colony and take this ship down!"

(Wingleader acknowledge instructions) - No problem, General. Downloading data... team: maintain radio 
silence for approach. 
[Deep Space, approaching rather large carrier ship. Up to 20 fighters will emerge from this mothership. 
It’s own defenses are regular cannons.]

(Enemy voice (commanding and no-nonsense.)) - "Attention Incoming Ships! This is the Vorakian 
military carrier Scorzar (score-zar). Identify yourselves. Repeat: identify yourselves immediately."

 (Wingleader introduces start of mission) - They’ve seen us! Move in quickly and take them out.
(Wingleader orders Status Check)
MISSION 3 - take out launch site

(General) - "I'm impressed! Your next mission is a surgical strike against the Oceania world. This planet 
serves as a weapons manufacturing and storage facility. It also has a launch site capable of interplanetary 
missiles! We want you to go in and take out the launch structure. It will be well guarded."
(Wingleader acknowledge instructions) - Understood, General.  
[Open over ocean surface, gentle waves. Will approach large missile launch facility at end of mission. 
There are surface ships and turrets firing cannons and the odd rocket, as well as aerial support.]
(Wingleader introduces start of mission) - Stay together and stay on course!
[Upon appearance of launch facility. Fires seeking rockets and lasers, has aerial and surface support. ]
(Wingleader announces target) - There’s the launch facility! Take it out!
(Wingleader orders Status Check)
MISSION 4 - desert canyon dam
(General) - "Your next target is on the Microft (My-croft) world. The world is a desert with only a few 
large water sources. The Vorakians (vor-ak-ee-ans) have dammed the largest one in order to generate 
power for their military bases. Our troops are prepared to begin their assault on this world, and we require 
you to prepare the site. You will have to fly through a deep canyon to the dam in order to avoid heavy 
surface protection. Your target will be the power generating dam at the end of the canyon. If you do find 
any targets in the canyon, feel free to attack, but they are not your primary concern."

(Wingleader acknowledges instructions) - We’re on it, General.  
[Flying in long, narrow and winding canyon. There is some ground and wall-mounted defenses, but it’s 
mostly a flying exercise. Small river at bottom of canyon. Ceiling at top of canyon to prevent cheating.]
(Wingleader acknowledges start of mission) - Stay close and watch the walls! Keep your eyes open for 
enemy fire, there isn’t much room to maneuver!
[At end of canyon, there is a large dam in the way. It will only take a few shots to take it out (the 
alternative is to slam into it… missing is not an alternative. Dam breaks up with water gushing out as 
craft pull up.]
(Wingleader on dam destruction) - It’s breaking up! All craft, pull up!
(Wingleader orders Status Check)
MISSION 5 - troop transports?
[Last mission where withdrawal is permitted… and it is required for the right ending.]
(General) - "Our plan is nearly complete. Your next mission will be enroute to the Vorakian homeworld. 
There is a fleet of five troop transports moving together. They are travelling incognito (in-cog-nee-toe), 
and may attempt to convince you that they are civilian. You MUST stop these carriers from reaching their 
destination."

(Wingleader acknowledges instructions) - Roger, General.  
[Deep space, 5 large craft, different style than the motherships previously seen. They have no weapons.]
(Wingleader introduces start of mission) - There they are... I don’t think we’ve been spotted. Let’s finish 
them before they can launch fighter support.
[At first few hits:]
(the operator is understandably scared in the first transmission, as a fleet of fighters appeared out of 
nowhere and started attacking without warning.)
"Alert! Attacking vessels! This is the Tarian (Tar-ee-an) cruise fleet Yorick. We are an unarmed civilian 
cruise fleet! Please break off your attack!"

[After a little more damage (50% to a vessel?)]
(the attack has not stopped, so as of this message the operator is even MORE scared, trying desperately to 
negotiate a stop, to save himself and the passengers.)
"Repeat! Attacking vessels! We are an UNARMED CIVILIAN fleet! We will surrender and permit 
boarding! Please break off your attack!"

[a short time later]
(Wingman commenting) - Strange.. they haven’t launched any defenses yet.

[Still more time - final warning (75% damage?)]
(Computer) - "All scans confirm civilian status. Repeat. Scan confirms enemy vessels are not armed."

[finally, one enemy vessel destroyed]
(now the attack has caused the loss of one of the ships. It's obviously too late to reason with the attackers, 
so the operator is making a last-ditch, panicked call for help.)
"Mayday! Mayday! All Tarian-friendly vessels! This is the civilian cruise fleet Yorick! We are under 
attack by unidentified pirates! We have lost one vessel already! Please assist!"

[At this point friendly fighters begin to warp in, and will continue to do so until all cruise vessels are 
destroyed.]
(Wingleader orders Status Check)
MISSION 6a - final assault - this is the bad end

[in this mission, the player did NOT learn the General's true nature.. he is still the 'good guy']
(General) - "This is your final mission - an assault on the Vorakian homeworld. We are interested in the 
destruction of their primary military headquarters. Our own fighters will be poised to eliminate their 
backup centers during the confusion you create with the destruction of central HQ. You can expect heavy 
defenses."

(Wingleader acknowledges instructions) - You’ve got it, General.  
[Flying over a desert area with military structures, camps, missile bases, laser towers, air and ground 
support.]
(Wingleader introduces start of mission) - This is the big one, guys. Stay alert and let’s take it home!
[Final target is a large building similar to NDHQ Ottawa with mounted defenses. When building is 
destroyed, it crumbles around a large mech who begins an attack. He has rockets and a laser, and prefers 
to walk, but can fly for short hops. Will punch ships that get too close for heavy damage.]
(Wingman, expressing surprise) - What’s THAT?
(Wingleader, seeing new target) - New primary target! Let’s punch a couple of holes in that thing!
(Wingleader orders Status Check)
Bad End
[Awards ceremony in a large room. Camera pans from the side, around the room, from near the back. 
This will fade in and out as the camera pans.]
(General) - "...and thanks to the superb, professional flying of this tactical fighter squadron, we have 
achieved our goals, with the battle against the Voraks finally turned in our favour. To them we award..."

[Near the end of the pan, the camera reaches a television news broadcast. This fades in as the General 
fades out, and fades out itself as the screen fades to black.]
(Reporter) - "...has now declared a state of emergency, as the unprovoked war escalates to  all-out 
destruction, with both forces suffering heavy losses. Although there have been uncomfirmed rumours of 
Qwertian (qwer-she-an) broadcasts in the area, both leaders have commented that they are too busy with 
the war effort to devote resources to investigating these..."

MISSION 6b - A new plan - this is the proper path
[This is set in deep space after the aborted attack on the civilian vessels.]
(Wingleader, musing in cinema) - Why would we be sent against an unarmed civilian vessel? (pause) 
Computer! Scan for and decode any encoded Vorakian transmissions.
(Computer) - "Working..."
(Wingman, noting computer pause) - Maybe we were wrong...?
(Wingleader, replying) - I don’t think so...
[Computer beeps]
(Wingleader, computer indicated results) - Ah ha! We may have some answers.  
(Computer) - "Security Alert! Qwertian (qwer-she-an) encrypted transmission detected during scan."
(Wingleader, shocked) - Qwertians! (Qwer - she - ans) What are those war-mongers doing here? 
Computer - decrypt transmission!  
(Computer) - "Working..."
[message in General’s voice fades in from random blips as code is broken]
(General) - "...<evil chuckle>, yes, my lord, neither side is aware of our interference. The details we 
planted have both sides believing the mercenary force Space Acer was hired by the other side. The 
mercenaries are even now striking a civilian fleet - I am sure that will be the final catalyst to the all-out 
war we seek."

[indecipherable sounds, too low and rumbly]
(General) - "No, my lord, they are but fools. They would not realize in time, even if they cared to. As a 
bonus, both sides of the battle will be engaged in destroying them, cleaning up for us, if you will. I 
estimate we can move our primary forces into both worlds in less than a scalair (ska-lair)."

[more indecipherable. This one fades back into the random blips and fades out quickly.]
(General) - "Our current location is in the Vexsar (vex-sar) system, but we are preparing  to relocate our 
fleet to..."

(Computer) - "Signal carrier lost."

(Wingleader, having heard the team was being used) - I’ve heard enough.  Team, what say we show the 
‘General’ our appreciation at being part of his little game?
(Wingman, just agree, optionally comment) - Yeah!
(Wingleader) - But first, Computer! Transmit intercepted message to both Tarian and Vorakian 
Headquarters. Include all relevant data.
(Computer) - "Processing... (pause) Data transfer complete. (brief pause) Data acknowledged."

(Wingleader, commanding new course) - Set course for Vexsar! Engage warp drives!
[Finally, the level. The warp is like a long, multicoloured star/coloured streak tube, spinning away. There 
are rocks and random electrical activity to beware of, as well as assorted debris.]
(Wingleader, after warp) - Okay, we’re in range. Disengage warp!
[Graphics show warp returning to deep space. A very large ship is in the distance.]
(Wingleader orders Status Check)
MISSION 7 - confrontation
[Ships continue moving forward in space towards the General’s ship.. this mission continues smoothly 
from the last. There is an asteroid belt in the background.]
(Wingleader, introducing mission) - We’re moving in... ah! They’ve detected our arrival.
(General) - (at this point, the General does not yet know he has been found out.. so he is still playing good 
guy.)
"Space Acer! What a surprise... why did you not report your last mission?"

(Wingleader, replying to General) - We don’t appreciate playing games, General. We know what you’re 
up to. We aren’t going to take it.  
(General) - "(pause) Then you'll die."

[Many small fighters swarm out of the mothership. Likewise, the mothership fires large barrages of 
missiles and lasers at the player. After a bit of attack (perhaps after circling the mothership?):]
(Wingleader, after a bit of attack) - The primary target is the main generator at the rear of the mothership. 
Try to focus on that!
[Mothership explodes and disintegrates. As it breaks up, the General escapes into the nearby asteroid belt, 
shouting taunts.]
(General) - (after the battle, the General tries escaping in a small ship as his main ship explodes. He is 
angry and somewhat anxious, so his speech should be loud and fast.)
"You fools! I'll personally see you all dead!"

(Wingleader orders status check)
MISSION 8 - Chase
[The team is paused after the destruction of the main ship.]
(Computer) - "Incoming message from Tarian Headquarters:"

(Tarian HQ) - "Mercenary Force Space Acer, this is Tarian headquarters. We have received your message 
and verified the data therein. In agreement with the Vorakians we are requesting your services to detain or 
detroy the invading Qwertian forces. Standard fees for your services will be paid. Inform when mission 
accomplished."

(Wingleader, after reply from Tarian HQ, noting escaping General) - You heard them, team. Let’s get 
him!
[A fast and tight chase through a dense asteroid field. Towards the end a star becomes visible just outside 
it. There are no weapons, but small asteroids may be broken up.]
(General) - "Still alive, fools? Follow me if you dare!"

[Wingleader orders status check]
Mission 9 - Artificial Star
[Upon exit of the asteroid belt, the General’s ship flies straight into a star.]
(Wingman, upon exitting asteroid field) - He’s headed straight for that star!
[Flight is over a large artificial star, with flares and fireballs the only obstacles. The General flies into a 
flaming cave, and the team follows. The cave is tight and very fast.. the General disappears around a few 
bends. Finally, the team emerges into a large cavern, but it’s empty.]
(Wingleader)  - No! We’ve lost him! Check all scanners!
[The General bursts through a flaming wall in a huge, flame-coated Phoenix ship.]
(Wingman as General bursts into view) - Look out!
(General) - "There is no escape now! Prepare to die!"

[Phoenix attacks with fireballs and lasers. The central cockpit is an obvious target in it’s design, otherwise 
it’s all flame covered.]

(Wingleader) - Primary target is the central navigation module! Don’t get too close!
[As the phoenix is destroyed, it breaks up and falls into the ‘lava’.]
(General) - "No! It can not be! Nooooooooooooo!!!!"

[brief pause, then cave begins to shake, flaming debris falls from roof]
(Computer) - Warning! Artificial Star stabilization unit damaged. Collapse and nova explosion imminent.
(Wingleader: ) Emergency maneuvers! Maximum thrust, we’ve got to get out of here!
[VERY fast retreat through the cave as it begins to break up and collapse]
All Clear!
[Space, flying away from star as many prominences and explosions rock it, followed by the star collapsing 
and then a massive nova, rocking the craft a bit as the shockwave passes. Ships may celebrate with a few 
barrel rolls after that]
(Wingleader) - Mission Accomplished! Repeat, Mission Accomplished! Great Work, team. Let’s get out 
of here.
[Credits rolls, with flashbacks to scenes in the actual game.]
